Hi dear!I'd like to meet someone who I can share my life ... My Love... My Care... My Soul... My heart… My Passion. I have the image of kind, reliable, active, energetic, sincere, man. He is a caring, attentive, accurate and loving person! He understands my wishes, pays attention to my lifestyle and accepts my natural individuality. My beloved is easy-going, open hearted man, he is the one whom I trust, hope and share everything, connected my feelings, imaginations and dreams. Oh my darling, would you like to play with me?I am an actress and you are my producer?I always dreamed to be an actress, it is so wonderful to be different every day and to find myself in different characters! Will you be my producer?)) What kind of role do you think will be perfect for me to play not losing myself?I feel that you want to write to me...Please do not fear ) ... Take the first step! This is your step into our new life! Better life! Will it be like this?Waiting for you!!
I am Julia and I am single. There are some reasons for it, but mostly that I do not imagine living with someone without mutual feeling - love. This is hard to find, I know what I want in man, but without this fairy connection that i see in your eyes, smile and emotions nothing will work for me. I am romantic. Tender and caring. And most of all I dream to find my perfect love match. If you are still romantic and sincere in this age of consumption and lies, than I would love to hear from you! I want to fulfill all my romantic and sexy desires with my man but also be in love with his soul. I want to know you more.Kisses.
Hello! Honestly I am a little shy, but I have a relaxed personality, in my free time I usually read, watch movies, try new cooking recipes and do outdoor activities. I am here to find the person capable of giving passion and romance to my life, someone with whom I can create the true happiness and harmony of a stable relationship. I'm not a perfect girl or anything like that, but I think that when two people really love each other, they can accept each other regardless of age or conditions, it's a matter of maturity. What about you? Do you think age really matters? I wait your answer.Kisses
Hello dear, would like you to feel love and passion?)) I hope to meet on this site my man.. you know “ my man” and to be for him “ his woman”. What are yours goal here? Few words about me.. I like to cook very much, I am happy because my work is my hobby. I am photographer. Do you have some hobby? Would like you to know me better and to share with me your hobby and another personal things from your life? I like to travel also and with great pleasure can travel in any places in this big world) do you like to travel? I am ready for serious relationship. And you? I will be waiting on your reply with impatience. Sincerely
If one day sadness invades you or you don't remember how much I am in love with you, bring this to your mind: "Without you, this world would not be so fantastic", never forget that your imperfections are what make you a perfect person .
I hope you are doing really well today, because if not, i will make you feel better with my letter. You know i came here to find a positive and cheerful person, I hope you are like this, as I believe that everything good will happen to us only if we believe that no matter how long is our black line  going to last - happiness is still ahead and we will meet it no matter what. I believe that talent and success comes from your positive attitude and your plans on future, I think that there are no  not talented people and everyone can achieve success, so no matter how times we had been down - we have to stand up and move forward. Most of women are searching for strong intelligent and successful man - believing that if her man is successful she will automatically become happy... that is why most of the girls are looking on a job, education, car, and ofcourse money, I think that people have to be equal, they both have to be interesting for each other, and both have to never want to lose each other, that is the only 
hi ,In a deep night, miss.I usually wake up in the deep night .Even I have so many working , but I want to put the working behind you . I like working , but I don’t like make the working become my life . So here I am , steal a few time and write to you .hahah . How is your day going on ?? I hope you have the funny or happy thing share with me , or just normal thing will be fine
Hi)I am here because I want to put an end to my loneliness. If you feel the same, if you want to be loved, then check out my profile. I know that even successful people need a person to love, to share emotions with. I am not going to change you, I will simply enjoy your company. Don’t lose your chance, just write me a few words, maybe it’s you who I destined to meet here.I hope to hear from you soon
Hello.I hope to meet here a gentle man with good manners and good sense of humor. I don't want you to be shy, cause maybe you are my future man, my husband, friend. I don't want to play games. I need a serious man who will love me with all my benefits and drawbacks. Is it you? ;)Waiting for your answer
Hello Sweet! My name is Medea, but me friends call me Meda and I am living in Batumi, Georgia. I love music, theatre, traveling, reading and watching movies. I am a strong person who likes to improve myself all the time.I know I make mistakes but I try to do the best I can in life. At least, no one is perfect. I like to deliver whatever promises I make and apologize soon if for some reason I cannot keep my promises. Did you have a relationship with the doctor?))I need someone next to whom I will feel comfortable and protected. I have lots to share with my future beloved. Maybe, you are that special person for me?I would like to know you better! Please tell me more about your lifestyle and how you like to spend your time. I want our relations to be a real treasure!I am waiting for your reply!Yours,
Hello, my name is Aurora. Single of a good family. I consider myself a cheerful and extroverted girl. I am a model and I also love acting. I like to listen to music and i love play a soccer, go out and enjoy a quiet afternoon on the beach or in a park more if I am in an excellent company, I am romantic, I love the details and be detail, I like to read romantic stories and I am sentimental, I like the pop music, bachata and a bit of hip hop. I am looking for someone fun, romantic, who has new things to teach me, be attentive, I do not have tabu and I love to please my partner.
Surprise!!! It is me- your destiny writes for you now! I am waiting for our communication, because I am interested in you! It is just up to you, to be happy or not, but I promise to do everything for making you happy! My father raised me to keep my word. And I do it the all my life! If I am your fate- you will feel it before the end of my letter. I can tell you a lot about myself and my qualities right now, but let’s leave that to our first date, second, third… only time will show you how is rich my inner world. Yes, I prefer continue to share feelings and discover each other in real dates- not just in Internet. Dating site- is only nice beginning. Do you agree with me? Per now I prefer share my positive attitude to life with a man who read this words. Do you feel it?))Family is my main priority! I have a daughter, she is 26 years old, we share a lot of time together on some art events and doing sport.. I like painting, cooking, traveling on different seas and oceans coasts. I adore dance rock'n'r
Hello, If you are interested in the relastionship with me , chat with me, please.As for the man I am looking for, he must be passionate to everything. I hope he has a kind heart; he will help people in need. Oh, if you betrayed your ex-girlfriends or ex-wife, don’t chat with me. I am afraid to be betrayed..I have beautiful face and figure . I ‘m well educated and independent . I want to meet you with my whole-heart . I will love you with my whole heart too just for you . I can be a lady outside ; I will be a housewife when you in home ; and I can be a sexy and naughty woman when we on bed . you can feel my passion and I want to feel you hot .dear man, Wake up in the morning to see you and the sunshine is the future I want.Ps: I am a millionaire now , I don’t care about whether you have money or not , as long as you don’t like me be richer than you . And I just want your love dear, will you marry me as your wife someday? do u want us meet in real?Yours sexy
Love is like an ice-cream. It's soft and everyone like it. Who say that they don't like it they just lie ;) If you will eat too much you can get sick. Like with love. If you will dive too deep from the start you can sink. Why I told that love is like an ice-cream? Because if you won't keep in in good temperature it will melt away and disappear. Just like people feelings. I want to find my ice-cream here. Are you with me?)Warmly, 
I was a little distraught and that's why I decided to organize a shopping day with my work girls. But, although I enjoyed it a lot, now I feel worse ... I think I need a loving man.
hello,honey I am a lonely but rich lady,my ex left me because of young girl,i built my own career from that time.now i have more than ten billion of yatch comapny in china now.I have a daughter,but she is indepentant,she has her own career,one company of perfume shop,I have my own company to manage,and villas in different cities in China,8 cars,cause 8 is a lucky numbers in Chia,but I feel lonely in the night in my big house.....I am also a passionate lady,you can see from my photos,but I will only show you my passionate hot naughty side.I own almost everything but a man, I want find a man who is caring, warm, passionate with energy, most important, he must know how to look after his woman and makes her happy.are u the man I am looking for?With you in my life, I think we can overcome all difficulties, and we can live happy lives, do you think so too?For a mature lady,I am very interested in foreign culture, and I want to know more about foreign culture, are u willing to give me more love,sincere 
Hi.. I am just a girl looking for my heart. Be good and shall always see good in everything and everyone and even in yourself.... also for friendship....If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh....,,Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do...  thank you 
Hello! I am sure you are the man who deserves someone loving, the one who will remember about you every second of their life! So you as anybody else needs someone who  will always think of  where you are being, what you doing and what you are good at. You need the one who will help you to fulfill your dream and can all you fears make going away. The one who loves all about you, especially your weaknesses, will appear once in your life. You will be beside a woman who will make you happy! I know that I can make happy my second half and I am ready for it. What about you? If you have not found your love yet and if you expect to find it here, feel free to send me a reply! Who knows, maybe I could be the girl of your dreams! Warmly,
I hope you open my letter and it will make you smile a little!))
I understand that we are all single people here, and maybe we were not lucky enough to meet the love of our whole life, but I believe that everything happens for a reason, and for the reason, God sends us meetings with some people, some events of life, some stories that may have hurt us! But all this strengthens our character, our willpower and prepares us for a real meeting with the love of all life! Perhaps my letter will open the door to your heart and we will be able to get to know each other closer! Tell me please, is your heart still free for me?
My dream is to be happy, spiritually and morally, completely and completely happy with myself and with my life! I want to become the wife of a good husband, who will be my second half, my support, my wall, with which I will be confident in the future!
hello If u r interested in me?find me by my name.... I'm happy being myself, which I've never been before. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.What is your opinion about me? Are you like that? :)    What can I tell you about myself? I love to travel, I want to travel the whole world, so I am learning many new languages. Currently, I’m learning French, so if you can teach me some new words, that would be awesome. I am very ambitious, career wise and I would love a man who is the same. Right now I’m studying to be a fashion designer, and I plan to start my own label when I finish college.
I believe that a fairy tale in life can be created, for this we need to meet "our person". With such a person, nothing is scary. It's not terrible to start a new relationship, to dream and create the future, give oneself up to feelings and enjoy happiness. For me honesty and decency are very important in relationship. There are features of character that I hope to discern in my chosen one. I cannot promise that it will be easy, but if there is a desire to find happiness. Why not to give into temptation and just start enjoying the simplest. After all, it all starts with dating and communication, is not it?
Hello,I am old at this age,but I still keep a young and active heart.I am very pasionate woman who love to please my man and enjoy the great intimacy,hugging,kissing,cuddling,snuggling and making love.I want to come home to a loving family.Two people who are in deep love and understand the meaning of marriage make a loving family,I miss the right man to be in deep love with and build a loving family. are you the special man to me??  yours
Hi my darlingSo I am quite interesting, intelligent and family-oriented woman. If you read this message it means you’re interested in me and if you write to me, I promise you will not regret it. Because I am full of love, tender, passion and warm feelings. I am looking for my man who is ready for happy future life together, who can give me all I want and deserve and I deserve much, just look at me. And believe me that I know how to make you happy and satisfied.  I want to know you more and more and I am sure we’ll find a common language. Waiting for your warm letter with great pleasure! Yours charming Lady 
Hello I am a 40-year-old woman, with experience in love and life, I am in this place looking for a man who does not judge a woman with a child, I am currently a head of household mother and I love my life just missing a Loving, simple, spontaneous man with clear goals in life.I love animals, I have a puppy, I love to enjoy family time, I am very vain, taking care of myself and being fit are some of my favorite hobbies, I love cooking and especially pastry low in sugar lol.Do you mind women with children? Do you like mature women? I have a thousand things to ask you, I just hope you have some time and we can share our experiences.I was attentive to your answer.
Hello, my dear companion! Will you become my lifetime partner, we will become nice friends, or remain strangers? I think that time will help us to figure this out, but now let me tell me a bit about myself. I am a simple lady, yet educated and well-brought. I like being natural, so you won't see too much makeup on my face. Do you like women with natural beauty? I am looking for no ordinary man, who can make me happy. What can I give you instead? I will respect you, treat you as the only man on the Earth, but I won't give my heart so easily :P I am a very modest girl, but when I am close to a man, I can become a wild tigress;) Who I will be in front of you – an innocent kitten or naughty tigress? Write to me, and we'll see what future waits for us!Anticipating
Hello, how are you? I'm Maria, a romantic woman, I like romantic dinners, walking under the stars, do you like romantic dinners? I am a tender and simple woman I love small things like feelings, small details, I like to play sports lead a healthy life like cycling, yoga, various sports, what sport do you like to do? In my spare time I watch television, I like watching football, basketball, novels, several programs, what do you like to watch on television?
Hello, my best regards, my name is Liliana, I am an independent woman, with a life with many luxuries but unfortunately in solitude, I write to you about the fact that I would like to leave that loneliness at the hands of a good company, I hope to get to know you better and achieve a good relationship between the two, I will wait for your answer with eagerness, I send you a big greeting and hopefully God give us the opportunity to meet, you think like me?
I am a lonely girl and I dream to find here my second half. Family is the most important thing for me. I would like to meet here a man, with whom we would be together for all our common life. I am just dreaming about love! It is the greatest thing people ever knew. Are you ready to show me real love?Let me tell you about my character. My friends say I am charming. I can be spontaneous sometimes. I am a very cheerful person. I can easily brighten up a person in a bad mood. People like to communicate with me because I am ready to help them in difficult situations. I love life and appreciate all happy moments .  I am very honest and reliable. Do you appreciate these features in women?Do you have a hobby? How do you prefer to spend your free time? I like to read books very much. I prefer classical literature as well as something modern. I go in for sport in order to keep fit. I think its important for a girl to be slim and attractive.  How do you imagine your ideal woman? As for me, 
Hello, my dear man!  You even cannot imagine how difficult is to make a new step forward the new life but I decided to do it and  to do it right now and first! My first step to future love and happiness. This is not typical in my country to make firststeps to women but I guess this is not important in such serious things.  I still believe in love - yes, I was hurted at once but I recovered...And now I am ready  - ready to get YOU into my life. I am sure you are worthman to know and to be with - kind and intelligent, the real strong shoulder for woman like me. Tell me please  what do you think about it. Tell me please more abaout yourself, your life and  style you live.I will be waiting for your letter, dear!
I am looking for a sensual boy and who dares to tell me everything he thinks of me. Do you want us to talk for a while and clear our minds?
hi nice to meet you.when you read this ,i know you must have feelings with me and want to know me more.i'm a gentle fashionable business woman.my mum is a singaporean and my dad is a Chinese business man. i'm from a modern family ,because of my mum and dad 's cross nation love,i believe i can find my man on this cite and we can arrange a happy family as my mum and dad...so if you are sincere and would like to like me please connect me...yours
Hello! I am wiem, a Tunisian girl from Tunis city. I am faithful and i want my future husband to have the same quality. I will not accept any cheating or bad behavior towards me or our future kids. What kind of women are you looking for on here? I am interested in knowing you closer so i think we should talk with each other and find out how do we match. I really hope that we can have a good communication with you and maybe it will lead us to somewhere. I hope to hear from you soon!
Hello, my name is Bethany I am 20 years old currently living in Miami since I arrived in this city my only priority has been to improve myself professionally and I am achieving it but at the same time I feel alone and I think that with a man of your age and with your interests it would complement what I lack! Actually new for this platform. I love to travel, to go to the movies, to the beach and to unknown places to explore new adventures, I am a lover of people that can be assembled, affectionate, understandable and above all loving and very, very respectful because that is the main thing in a relationship. Do you dare to meet me? 
 Hello  Handsomehere I am! Let me introduce myself. I’m unique and creative. I love to live an active life and explore. I am very passionate about helping others . I’m a good listener and a good friend. Everyday boring life turns into an adventure along with me!  I love living life to its fullestIf you would like to know more about me contact me, maybe we will♥
 


Hello!!!  Maybe it is strange, but I am here now and have a great desire to start talking to you) I hope you will not mind, won’t you?I am open for the life and I want to enjoy my life with a real woman for serious relationship. I want to share my life with him. I will devote myself to our love. I believe in my search here and I am sure that you are the woman I was looking for. Are you looking for the same here? Or would you like to see such man as me beside you? I am sure we can be great together. And I am looking forward to your positive comments. Kisses
Hello beautiful lady, my name is William. First of all, I want to thank you for your concern. I am Chinese. My job is international trade. I often fly around the world. If you are reading this letter, it means My photos or the words I wrote have aroused your interest. Thank you for using your expensive time to understand me. I have a serious plan to Dating. I am not playing games. I am looking for a good woman. I hope that we can build a strong relationship and create a happy family. I am a romantic, reliable, honest, and tasteful man. I hope to find a woman who has the same world outlook on my values. Wife, I will share my thoughts with you, my time, my patience and my wealth, I want to spend a lot of time to feel you, listen to you, love you, I am very happy to know you better, I wish you a wonderful day, 
Hello my princess, I am writing this letter to introduce myself and see if we are compatible to have a beautiful friendship, and get to know each other and reach the next level of a courtship, because that is what I am looking for to have a serious relationship, to have a woman who Join me for the rest of my life, and have a nice travel adventure and share together incredible moments, I love to go on a trip, that's why I am looking for a woman from another country to share cultures and customs, you would like to have a beautiful conversation with me? Thanks you for reading
Hi! Lady I'm sitting in the front of the screen and my head is full of different thoughts :P It is wonderful if you have someone that you eat breakfast with or cook breakfast for someone special. We are not teenagers and can't start with a white paper. I was married before. I tried to save the marriage, but apparently with the years, people change too much to continue to live the same life. Anyway, after a year and half, I am ready for a new relationship.There is just one “but” I do not like liars! I have really extraordinary taste in music and in literature. I listen to jazz and blues. These kinds of music make me feel relaxed and happy. I like to cook romantic dinners feeling the sounds of jazz and blues around.The dinner tastes much better then))) So do not be shocked that I can cook! I am sure that behind any successful man is a strong woman)) it works vice versa woman need man. so you need to feel protected and loved, even when she doesn’t like to show it.
Hello, I am a honest and loyal man, I am sincerely looking for my wife, I don't care where you are, I also don't care about your appearance, I only care about whether you are willing to give your heart to me, I can from one thousand individual steps in to listen to your voice, because the 999 individual steps on the floor, and you step on my heart, you know what is the happiest thing in the world?The happiest thing in the world is that the person you love also loves you. I want to see our love story together with 
Hi sweet heart thank you for opening my letter here, please allow me to introduce myself first. I come from china and have my own business. I have been single for many years, because I was busy with my business in the past few years. I don't want to get married until I'm financially stable, because I don't want my wife to suffer with me. So I worked really hard and my efforts paid off. I succeeded in my career, and I’m rich enough to give my future wife a good life now. I will spoil her like a princess and let her be my little girl forever.  I don’t mind you are a Chinese or not,  I also don’t mind you are rich or not. As long as you are a kind heart lady, I would like to know more about you and it’s better if we can start our story. My arms are ready for you, are you ready my princess? 
Hello, lovely stranger! I am so glad to receive your attention! What attracted you, my appearance or desire to find a serious relationship? I am an accomplished man in my career and personal development, and now I need a woman who will be not only my wife but also my best friend and passionate lover. What are you looking for here? Are you ready to become my reality? I don’t play games here, as I don’t have time for this, so please, give me an answer.If you are the one who is ready to share passion and care with me, write to me! I am waiting for a confident woman. Let’s not waste our life and time with each other!  Regards
hi,nice to meet you here,i am Yanxue Wang from China.I am a businessman and i have a real estate company.It runs well,and i am thinking about expanding it abroad.So i will have more chances to go abroad.where aer you from??Maybe someday i will go to your country.Will you be my private guide then??haha,i will travel around with my family twice a year.do you like traveling??Maybe we can travel together.do you want to begin a new journey with me??waiting for your answer,yours,
 Hello, my name is He Shaohua. I really want to find a wife on the site. I believe that she will appear soon. Will this person be you?  I'm the head of a software development company. I can only say so much about my work. It's a secret. Haha. About my family, I have a daughter. She is very independent now. She goes to school abroad and seldom goes home. So I am very lonely. I want to find someone to live with me. I don't want to live in a big house alone.if you want to know more about me, please contact me. Believe me, I won't let you down. I'm waiting for you here .  yours . 
Hello, there?I am glad to meet you here. I am xun, I am looking for a stable relationship here. We can be friends first and then see the longer development. I grew up in Zhengzhou, China.My father is the president of the bank, and I am the only kid in my home. I have graduated now, and I am an intern in the bank. my major is economics and financial management, if you don't mind,I hope to know more about you. I have only been in love once in China.But now that we have broken up, through the introduction of my father's friends of this software, I am here to hope that we can have more communicate !Sincerely 
Hello ,I'm new here, and honestly, I do not quite know what to write and how to write. The only thing that I know what I'm writing from a from the bottom of my heart.  I'm ready to open my heart to you, tell you about my life, dreams and plans. I searching for happiness.I am a very loving, caring family oriented man, I have real family values must always be reliable for them when in there need. I work hard in life taking on my responsibilities to get where i want and need to be. Being generous like to give instead of receiving love enjoying the outdoors . I like to live every day, feel and enjoy every minute of this world. I also have a lot of interests, but I'll tell you more, if you want to check.I madly want to know you better. I believe that we have the chance to continue this letter. After all, each of us wants to give tenderness, passion and love. I am ready to give you the world, and you're ready to steal my heart? Yours
Hi how are you? Tell me what kind of relationship are you looking for here on this site? I want a serious relationship, I am a 47 year old divorced man, I have had many disappointments and I want to stabilize myself and find a woman to trust and love. I have an 9 year old son, he is my priority at all times. I'm a public accountant, but my passion is the sea and the martial arts. I am a trainer of different martial arts and personal trainer, tell me what do you do? In my free time I love going to the sea and surfing is one of my passions, do you have any hobbies? If you want to be that woman that is part of my life do not hesitate to write me to know us better
Hello, I would describe myself as kind and positive person. I like positive people, people who smiling all time. I like to joke and I have many friends, I like go out at diner or drink with them. In my life I currently missing love, that is why I'm here. I know is better meet someone in real life, but now we all use internet very often, because of that i decided  to try here, and who know maybe I will have luck. I am single one year and is not nice to be sen single, I like to share my life with someone, beautiful and less beautiful moments. I like travel very much, I was in many places in world, I especially love the sea and the sandy beach :). I have big family, and they are very important in my life, my wish is to have my own family one day :). I f you like my profile, please write me, who know maybe you are my "luck"
Dear friend hello, I just came to this website today, I just wrote my personal data.I am a man who wants to have a serious relationship and marriage.I have a daughter who is married and lives in Canada.Now I live in Hong Kong alone.In 2005, my wife died of lung cancer.I've lived here ever since.I'm tired of being alone.I really want to find a good woman to start my new life.Mature, steady, understanding, hope to find new friends and my love here.I hope you are loving and sincere to me.I hope to find an honest person to be my intimate lover, so we can live the rest of our lives together.We can travel anywhere you like, my assets are good enough for our lives, you can dowhat you like without having to work, we can pursue a happy life together.If you'd like to spend the rest of my life with me, I'll wait for your letter
Hi, I'm Alejandro, divorced, I'm 49 years old, I've been an athlete all my life, I live in the city of Caracas in Venezuela, South America, here I enjoy the Caribbean Sea that gives me the chance to practice water sports that I love, I would like to know a woman who likes to live new experiences, who likes outdoor sports and who is willing to accompany me on my trips, I like to live in contact with the sea but I also like cities, I own my company and I am a Man completely free in search of a partner for my life, I would love to meet you.love
hello, I am a very optimistic boy, I have a persistent heart, as long as it is what I choose, I choose the road, I will be very strong, I like to challenge themselves, whether success or failure, and I will find the location of the self in time, to learn more experience, more power, strive for greater success.I came there not only for myself, but also with too many expectations from my family and friends. Therefore, I am striving for the goal I choose for myself. I hope to hold up a blue sky of myself with a pen.
Hello Darling, I believe in destiny and I am sure that our meeting here is not accidental! What about you dear, do you believe in destiny? I know how to enjoy every second of my life, l am very positive and optimistic person! But my life is not full with out my second half. I came here with hope to meet my life partner, my love! What about you dear, have we the same goals here?? Are you happy now?? Let's will know each other better and give each other a chanse to be happy together! Hope to hear you here) will be waiting on your reply with impatience, dear!
nice to meet you here .  Yang means sunshine in Chinese .I hope I can bring my sunshine to you .  I pursue romantic and relaxing things, like traveling, experiencing the joy of nature. I want to meet a woman here who can accompany me to experience these things. At home, we are a happy couple. Outside, we can share hobbies, fun and all kinds of pleasant things.  I will create surprises for each of our holidays.Maybe it's a dance, maybe it's a bunch of roses, maybe it's a dior lipstick, maybe it's a candlelit dinner, etc. Beautiful future is ahead of us , just message me if you are interested in you .I am here for you .Sincerely
Hello,I'm Dare i'm looking for a woman with whom I will spend the rest of my life. I'm a gourmet and like to cook for my friends. I love with a woman to share the housework, including the kitchen, so that you do not be surprised if I'm a better cook than you. I have a private company, a lot of associates and therefore a lot of traveling around the world. So far I have not had enough luck in love, but I have not lost hope that I will find the woman of my life. It takes time to get to know someone, and if so, I sincerely hope you will find here a serious and sincere woman. Why do not we try to give each other a chance to use this opportunity to know each other and realize as life partners .I have a good character, I like to joke and people like to be around me. I love that the woman next to me feel safe and to give her all the love and attention. I have a lot to offer if you want to achieve better communication send me a message without any prejudice.Sincerely yours ,
Hello. I am pleased to meet you. I hope that you believe in true love. I always wanted to find her. To be a happy man with whom the next is the happiest woman in the world. I appreciate in a woman inner beauty. After all, she over the years does not extinguish, but becomes even more beautiful. That's what you really need to appreciate. All these years I have been blind and have not seen such obvious things. But I want to be every day even better. To be a good husband and father. Hope to see your letter. 
Hello! I never thought I’d try online dating, but here I am! Let me introduce myself. I’m unique and creative. I love to live an active life and explore. I am very passionate about helping others . I’m a good listener and a good friend. Everyday boring life turns into an adventure along with me!  I love living life to its fullest.  No matter what happens, at the end of the day I’ll make you smile, laugh, and wonder, “How come I’ve never met a guy like this before??!!”I’m looking for a nice loving lady who knows how to care and accept love. I need a romantic mature relationship with a person who will love my inner world not only my appearance. In conclusion, I had no idea it’s so hard to explain my personality a few sentences, so please don’t hesitate to ask your questions. I hope to get a message from you ;)Let’s email a little bit to see if we’d get along well. Kiss you..
There are many miracles on earth, but there is one thing, the most amazing and beautiful, is you! ;)
I hope not to bother you, but this month I will travel to the United States for a business meeting. and well, I would like to rest for a few weeks. So I was thinking about whether we could be friends. what do you say?
the sunset arriving at the fork of the sea hairpin watching the stars and a night of much passion and romance that you would say about that would you like?
I am looking for a girl for Good conversation of Friendship jokes and other things .. would you like?
Hello. I always say that money is not the main thing in life, because they will not warm us and will not hug, the most important thing is family and well-being within the family, when everyone is happy and healthy, when there are people who love you and always support you and I understand, and the house, the place where you, the words traveler, can find your refuge at any moment and not worry about anything.  Be happy and not think about the bad. For me, happiness is when my family and relatives are healthy and near. If you think so, then write me, I will be glad to get to know you. With love